exercises/Ex04.08/README.md, before:

Validity, Satisfiablity, and Unsatifiability
=============================================
This folder contains the proofs of validity, satifiability and unsatisfiablity for dL formula in *Exercise 4.8* of the CPS book. Given a dL formula `P`, we encoded the following in the model.
- If the formula `P` is valid, we prove `P` itself
- If the formula `P` is satisifiable (but not valid), we find two conditions `Q1` and `Q2` and prove that `(Q1 -> P) & (Q2 -> !P)`. In the case where Q2 is the negation of Q1, we prove `Q1 <-> P`.
- If the formula `P` is unsatisfiable, we prove `!P`.

Automatic vs Interactive
========================
Most of the proof can be handled by *auto* tactic. Whenever possible, we also provide an *interactive* tactic using basic dL proof rules as they also *explain* the meaning of the formulae and why they are valid/satisfiable/unsatisfiable.

Summary
=======
Here is the summary for the different questions
1. Valid
2. Satisfiable
3. Satisfiable
4. Valid
5. Unsatisfiable
6. Valid
7. Valid
8. Valid
9. Unsatisfiable
10. Valid
11. Valid
12. Valid
13. Unsatifiable
14. Valid
15. Unsatifiable
16. Satisfiable
17. Valid
18. Satisfiable
19. Valid
20. Valid

Commit message:

Update README file for running from command line

exercises/Ex04.08/README.md, after:

Validity, Satisfiablity, and Unsatifiability
=============================================
This folder contains the proofs of validity, satifiability and unsatisfiablity for dL formula in *Exercise 4.8* of the CPS book. Given a dL formula `P`, we encoded the following in the model.
- If the formula `P` is valid, we prove `P` itself
- If the formula `P` is satisifiable (but not valid), we find two conditions `Q1` and `Q2` and prove that `(Q1 -> P) & (Q2 -> !P)`. In the case where Q2 is the negation of Q1, we prove `Q1 <-> P`.
- If the formula `P` is unsatisfiable, we prove `!P`.

Automatic vs Interactive
========================
Most of the proof can be handled by *auto* tactic. Whenever possible, we also provide an *interactive* tactic using basic dL proof rules as they also *explain* the meaning of the formulae and why they are valid/satisfiable/unsatisfiable.

Checking with KeymaeraX
=======================
The *.kyx can be proved by command line with KeymaeraX using the following command
```
java -jar /path/to/keymaerax.jar -prove file.kyx
```
where `/path/to/keymaerax.jar` is the path to the KeymaeraX jar file and `file.kyx` is the name of the input file.

Summary
=======
Here is the summary for the different questions
1. Valid
2. Satisfiable
3. Satisfiable
4. Valid
5. Unsatisfiable
6. Valid
7. Valid
8. Valid
9. Unsatisfiable
10. Valid
11. Valid
12. Valid
13. Unsatifiable
14. Valid
15. Unsatifiable
16. Satisfiable
17. Valid
18. Satisfiable
19. Valid
20. Valid
